Requirements (#5)
ThePhilgrim/N-Trans: README.md

## For Developers

N-Trans is split into three phases.

1) In `ntrans_dataprep.py`, sentences from the BNC are processed and, split into N-grams, and written
to .csv files in chunks of 300K sentences.

> The script generates a total of 236.937.946 N-grams.

Reviewer: This is not relevant to understanding how the different scripts work together.

> 2) In `ntrans_compile.py`, the frequency of each N-gram is counted with `collections.Counter`. The 50K

Reviewer: Perhaps it should be renamed to `ntrans_combine`, since it combines the separate files?

most frequent N-grams are thereafter written to a new .csv file. One file is created for each N-gram
(2-grams, 3-grams, etc.)

3) `ntrans.py` is the main program which the end user is exposed to. Here, the X most frequent N-grams
will be machine translated to a chosen target language, and the source-target pair is written to a .csv file.

### Development

It is recommended to work on N-Trans in a virtual environment.

To set up a virtual environment:
- MAC OS:
  `python3 -m venv env`

To activate a virtual environment:
- MAC OS:
  `source env/bin/activate`

### Install Dependencies

> To install the dependencies needed to develop & test N-Trans, use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install the dependencies needed to develop & test N-Trans, run inside the virtualenv:
```

- MAC OS:
  `python3 -m pip install -r requirements.txt`

### Formatting

This project uses Black to format the code. Please use Black before creating a PR.

To use Black:
- MAC OS:
  `black file.py`

### Module Docs

NLTK: https://www.nltk.org/

> Translatepy: https://github.com/Animenosekai/translate

Reviewer: I'm not sure if this section is needed, since any developer is used to googling things like "nltk docs" or "translatepy docs".
